But before actually compiling the app,
let's say you're going to
create a website, a web app.
What happens with responsive design?
Look at that.
It doesn't look like really nice, right?
So it's like, really big.
So how responsive design
works with Flutter?
There are many ways to solve
the responsive design problem.
Let me go back to the initial view.
For example, if I'm going to
the offers page, one way to work
is to create the property with a media
query similar to browser media queries.
So for example,
if we want this screen size,
we can say MediaQuery of
the context we receive.
And we can query about a lot of stuff,
devicePixelRatio,
gestureSetting, and we have size, okay?
So this is the size of the screen.
So actually, I can make conditions here.
If the width of the screen is more than
500, then I'm going to return this view.
If not, I'm going to return that view.
Yeah, you need to do this manually, right?
But then you can have a large viewport and
a small viewport with media queries.
Also, the other way, sometimes instead
of using a ListView, for example,
there is another word called wrap.
Wrap would actually make
the trick pretty simply.
So if I go to offers now, wrap, what we'll
do is we'll try to wrap the elements.
So maybe what I need is
to also fix the offers,
Not just in the height,
but also in the width.
By 300.
Have a typo.
So if I go to offers now,
the wrap widget would actually
try to wrap the elements
if there is no space, okay?
Well, then you can center,
you can play with this, but
wrap would actually work
like float in HTML, okay?
So with media queries and wrap,
you can start making decisions
about your user interface.
>> I haven't used this kinda
implementation, but in other projects,
I used the inits, one of the lifecycle
hooks to grab the data versus using the-
>> Futures.
>> Yeah, so just something,
a different style.
>> No, the thing is that
Flutter had different versions,
and also Dart had different versions.
So if you have been doing Flutter since
the beginning, maybe you're not using all
the techniques that we've seen today
because they were added over time, okay?
So there are many things that
were added over time, so
maybe that's why you
are using that technique.
Also, maybe because you are using
a different design pattern.
So typically today,
we prefer futures that the future builder
will actually help you a lot to
work with async programming.